I love this theater. It's so cool to walk out. I wish you could all stand up here and look at how good Ruby this is. Thank you all for being here.
From the heart of Los Angeles, MacArthur Park, where the icing is melting off the cake for no reason, Harmontown is now in session. Please welcome your Game Master, Spencer Crittenden.
Hello Spencer. Hey man. Is your mic good? I don't know. Yeah, you're there.
Let's sing along. How's your mic? It's good. It's better than a mic should be. Keep going. I got it for free. There's free on the chairs over there. Let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon. Yeah.
Thank you. Thank you, Dan. Yeah. It's a mic check song where we sing into our mics. What kind of booty does your mama like? She likes it long and wide. I heard she likes it inside.
Damn, the poopiest rim. Lucky him.
Everyone that your mama meets is a potential ill treat for her insatiable appetite for booty delight. Damn, I remember the time when your mama ate booty with a squeeze of lime.
Not a lot that rhymes with time except for his squeeze of lime. It's a blime. I mean, yeah, I know there's other words. It's a grime. Oh, really? Damn.
I remember going to your mama's house. I got D Laos afterwards by the fire department because her apartment is infested with scabies. Okay.
Or rabies. Making babies. There's an Indian dessert called Jalebi's. All right. Welcome, everybody. Thank you for coming. We did it. We fucking did it again. You came here for entertainment and guess what? You got, you got.
You're already ahead. The show could be over right now. We could bring the curtain down. What is $10 kitschy anywhere else? Huh? Like a Snickers bar and maybe like a half an Avengers movie?
Three quarters of a cracker. What are you going to watch the Hulk not turn into the Hulk, huh? Come on. Does the Hulk not turn into the Hulk? That's what I heard. I don't know. Spoilers. I haven't seen it.
How does he not be a Hulk? Jeff, do you notice anything different about me? A certain glow perhaps? Oh, you're pregnant. Close. You are looking at a man in escrow.
You're going to get birth to a house. You actually, you made the deal. You might get the house. Put an offer on a house that offer was accepted. Escrow was negotiated. I guess that's a thing, like the length of the escrow. You kind of negotiate that too.
It's not the length of the escrow that matters, Dan. It's the motion of the ocean. Yeah, so we agreed on it and I doc you signed a thing and we're off. I think I'll have a house in 30 days.
What will make this new house better than your current house? It's giant. It's bigger.
How do you utilize that space? Are you going to just be running around or having... Well, Cody and I went through it the other day and we did realize that, because initially we had this plan, like Cody and I were going to go, okay, we're going to have a master bedroom,
but then we're going to each have our own bedroom, because we like the psychological health of, like, hey, if we're together, we choose to be together.
Cody still has her apartment and she's been sleeping at my place so regularly that you could almost call it living with me, but I think there's an important thing there for her, maybe for me too, where it's like, hey, you can't take this person for granted.
They got their own apartment. They don't need to be here. Getting in little squabbles and the repairing is maybe easier, thinking like, hey, no one's a hostage here.
Yeah, and so when you want to be romantic and connect, you can go back into the main sanctum.
Right, and that I think is the more important thing is what it does. It's not about like, oh, let's prepare to be squabbling and then people are actually going to sleep in these other rooms.
It probably never happened, but psychologically what that transforms your master bedroom into, which is like, it's like a hotel suite. This is not a place for Dan to have his USB cables all over the place and stuff.
So when we were shopping for a house, we had a certain bedroom count, and it was kind of ridiculous because it included two bedrooms, a master bedroom, and then in addition to that, we want a guest room,
and there's other shit that we want. And so I was like, God damn, you need that many bedrooms? Okay.
And we found a place that has that many, but the master bedroom is so, it's got these gigantic walk-in closets. They're like his and hers walk-in closets.
Like, you could put a bed in my closet. So I'm not going to put a bed in my closet, but at the same time, I feel like I could be such a pig in that closet.
Like Cody says, as long as there are your shits behind that door, I'm never going to be like...
What do you mean precisely? What would be pig-ish behind his closet door?
My half of my current bedroom... Cody's kind of a neat freak. My half of my current bedroom looks like a 10-year-old boy's bedroom.
Like, I just drop clothes where I take them off so I can put them on tomorrow, and then I'll get an electronic thing from Amazon, and I'll open it up, and the boxes are all over the place,
and there's cables running everywhere, and I got a USB hub where an alarm clock goes, and there's cords coming out.
Is there a sexy scenario where, if you have the master bedroom, where that is the let's be together because we love each other and we're going to smooch,
but we also have our separate rooms where we're doing our own thing.
Wait, when the master...
But we're not going to do that anymore.
No.
We decided, we got these giant walking closets, like, we don't need...
The upshot of it is that we're walking around the house, and we're like, okay, so this is where the tavern's going to go.
This is where the...
The tavern?
Yeah, I got a tavern in my house now.
Okay, so you're going to recreate another tavern where you have a...
You lose shit by moving, like, I got a tavern and I got a theater.
I mean, you have a place to...
It's not a real theater, you don't have to freak out.
Or sneeze or whatever you did.
He didn't freak out, he just went...
He sneezed or something, he's got a luxury allergy, I get it.
I had a hard time, my immune system started to shut down too when I realized how fucking rich I was.
So now, you're going to have...
Now you're going to have one master bedroom and not two separate sanctums.
It'll be one main sanctum.
And is Cody or you going to have the other bedroom when you guys are not, like...
We each get...
Cody and I each have two bedrooms to choose from.
To play with.
Right.
So we could make one of those... I could make one in my bedroom, I could put a bed in it.
I'm not going to do that.
I'm going to put a green screen in it or something.
I'm going to put a sound booth in there.
I'm going to be like, she seems to have an invisible touch.
I'm going to make a panic room.
I just panicked when you wanted to fill Collins' rooms.
Here's the thing I'm really going to do.
There's this rather large closet that doesn't necessarily...
The layout of the house doesn't indicate that there should be anything there.
There was this one house we saw.
It was a really nice house hunting adventure because we looked at some places where I was like,
this place is fucking rad.
And then you got to think, does rad mean you want to live here?
It's hard to... You're looking at a house and you're like, I always picture myself in these places
and that it's always ironic.
And then I'm like, do the ironic thing.
Live for your biopic.
Have this third act begin and it says 10 years later and it's like,
fade in on some shit that makes your mom sick.
It just makes people shake their head in Wisconsin and go,
god damn, this motherfucker lives in a giant concrete block with fucking nude sculptures
overlooking a fucking Malibu infinity pool
and he's a fucking barbecue shaped like a pretzel
because Tim Burton designed it or something.
I looked at a place that had a turntable garage.
You just put your Prius on there and just fucking rotisserie it for your Coke parties
and just check out my fucking Prius, man.
It's just like moving around in a circle.
What? Why?
I think that was built originally for a chit-choo train.
The alleged purpose would be that you pull into the garage head first,
you don't have to back in and then turn it around.
That's fucking crazy.
I mean, it's rad.
But it's not home, you know?
The place that we looked at was rad.
I think that was Christian Slater who said that.
The walls looked like a place that you would build in No Man's Sky.
It was out of wood.
If you've ever played No Man's Sky and you've made a shelter out of wood,
that's what the outside of this game looks like.
You've lost the whole crowd now.
You're talking about video games and buying a giant mansion right now.
I'm trying to get back.
I know I lost them on the mansion.
I'm getting them back with the fucking video game thing.
How big does your house need to be for you to be comfortable?
Is size the important thing here?
You're just you and Cody.
How big does the house need to be?
Size is important to me.
Sorry, I'm picking peanuts out of my teeth.
You also went a little lift gal right there.
Size is important.
You need room for a hairy to go where there are hundreds.
Get out.
Size is important to me.
I want floor space and elbow room.
Whatever. I got it.
There was this one place that we looked at, the rad place that was not home.
I would feel fat living here.
This is a place for a person that is on display or something.
It's an interesting radical house.
When you went down the stairs, there was a bookshelf at the bottom of the stairs.
And then the bookshelf was a secret door.
For a little chamber.
They said a panic room, but if I'm panicked, I'm not going down half of the stairs.
It's not a panic room.
Where would you go if you were panicked?
I'll get on that later.
But I got inspired by it.
I'm like, that's the only thing that I want in the house that I want.
I'm going to have a contractor make a bookcase door on this big closet.
And I'm going to put all of the monitors in there for all of the security cameras.
So that if I'm having a party, I can be like Alfred, mind the guests.
And then I go down and I look two ways.
I want to make it activated with a book.
You got to pull a book out and it goes click like a Goonies booby trap.
And then it goes open and then you just go in there and just watch the perimeter through the monitors.
I wouldn't put cameras in my house.
You can come to a party at my house. I'm not going to monitor you.
I have my limits.
You've just said that you will.
If you're outside, I'll be watching you because I got to monitor that perimeter.
What if you get like big, big paintings of people and you have their eyes be little cameras?
Oh, yeah.
I got to mind my parent.
But once you're in my house, your civil liberties are safe.
I'm not Chuck Berry. I'm not going to be like watching you poo poo.
You got to totes moms the params.
Now, let's say you had a library that the book was the lever that opened up the secret chamber.
Now, obviously, we can't use this one after we say this.
But right now, what title of book would be the one that you would pull?
I think we can use it.
You come over to my house and you find a bookcase.
You know what's behind there.
And it's not like my suit of art or my actual Batman armors back there.
Like I'm not a real crime fighter, but it's just fun to be like, you know.
But so, like, yeah, I mean, do you think, I mean, there's two ways to go here.
Right now, you've got the Encyclopedia Britannica.
You've got all of Vonnegut. You've got this. You've got that.
What is the one that you would pull?
What's a fall of the House of Usher? Is that like because you're like walled in?
What are what are books about books or doors?
My question is because it's an interesting thought is would it be your favorite book or something that was somatic?
Like you're saying you got thematic, you know, you got thematic.
Yeah.
So you don't let the right one in.
I don't know.
I mean, there's a novelization of the Doors movie behind the Green Door.
But you know, I'd go meta and just have the book be like I would I would I would do every single book fake.
I would I would I would I would it would be like one book says this is the one you're looking for.
Yeah, one book would be like will be like tales from the secret door knob.
Don't touch this book.
Yeah.
That would be the one.
It's going to be great.
So you're in escrow.
I've never tried to buy a house.
So what does that mean for you right now?
Escrow is a flux period of where the buyer no longer has to bid against other people.
I think bidding is closed.
And then it's like.
Was you versus the bank?
It's no it's just it's no it's just a period of time.
It's like a it's like a it's just like a handshake before the before the sex kind of like it's there's still there's still time to there's still time to get out of the deal.
Mostly on the fire side.
I just had sex.
I just had sex on the night and the handshake.
Take their hand and you're like pleasure.
It's a pleasure about to do business with it.
It's like it's like it's made like for me on my side it's a time for me to send over inspectors and stuff.
So you like have someone look at the fireplaces you have someone check out the wiring look for tarantula nests.
I don't know.
And it's like a time to like negotiate a little bit if you find something that's fucked up like there's a gas leak in this house.
Like you got to knock off a little of the price because I'm going to fix it when I move in or are you going to fix it before I move in.
But you'll be leaving the neighborhood you'll be moving to the valley now.
Yeah.
I wish I could say more but it's not like we ever hang out and like you live walking distance from my place.
We never hang out.
I'll see you as much in the Valley Valley villages we do now.
I think so.
I'll keep my old place.
So it'll be like a pietta tear overlooking the drawing room.
What's that going to be like a bed and breakfast?
What are you making there?
I don't know.
A pietta tear baby.
A pietta tear.
Yeah.
For who?
Me.
You'll have your own pietta tear.
Yeah.
No I'm going to fix it up and see and then I'll feel out like could I rent this yearly?
What was the desire to leave that place and get a new one?
Cody like I want to like Cody didn't want to move into a dude's house.
You know she want to pick a house with a dude and like so that we're starting a new chapter together.
And it needs it needed to be bigger.
Did you have a bubble throat there?
Yeah.
I think I'd still be moving around this time anyway but I probably would have ended up
in a rad house with a fucking carousel garage.
I mean I've talked to people who bought some of these modern houses.
Just have a pool and a back house that I can just squat in whenever I need to swim.
My house is like a hotel now.
I'm actually actively in the market for a Cato.
Yeah I'm good.
I may end up having to murder someone in the same way.
Well no get a Cato first and then murder somebody.
That's exactly what I'm saying.
What are you talking about?
You gotta get you get a Cato Kalen and then you murder somebody.
I know.
You think I can't help murder somebody?
Oh well no Cato didn't help.
He's just a witness.
Oh okay.
He wasn't even a witness.
He just happened to be in the back house and he heard a thump on the wall.
He heard a thump.
Yeah.
It's a witness.
You're a witness.
It could have been the thump of corrupt LAPD with a systemic race problem.
That's my John Travolta as what's his name?
Oh shit.
What's his name?
It doesn't matter.
The lawyer.
Come on guys.
Robert.
No the other one.
Not the Kardashian.
No that's the black guy.
Shapiro.
Is he Shapiro?
Robert Shapiro.
Yeah.
Travolta with Shapiro.
Wow.
A lot of fun performances in that movie.
Alright.
Yeah.
Retiring from public life.
Now would you have a pool?
How much time do you think you Dan Harmon are going to spend?
I think we've covered this topic.
Alright.
Not much was the answer.
So Escrow I asked how long?
How long you might pull the trigger on having this new home?
30 days.
Yeah.
And then I'm going to, but I'm like, I'm going to take my sweet time because I love
my current house so I'm going to sit over there.
I have people installing right now like this crazy like electronic system in my old house.
They don't even know they're doing it in a...
Your old house.
Yeah.
But I'm auditioning them unawares.
Like I'm like let's see if you've got the right stuff.
Maybe I'll let you wire up my bigger house.
I'm just watching them and pretending I live there.
I'm like, oh, what if I wanted to play the stereo?
Oh, well, you know, then you'd go like this.
Or maybe I just go over to my other bigger house, listen to music over there.
You dumb piece of shit.
Get back to work.
What happens to your fish?
How did the fish get to?
Oh, that is a tough subject.
Because you got fish.
Yeah, I got fish.
And how do they get moved around?
They don't get moved.
What?
That's a custom.
You're going to kill your fish?
I'm not going to kill my fish.
You're going to have your fish murdered.
Cody.
Wink.
And into the fish tank.
It's a custom, like if I can, Breckheimer fish tank.
It's like, it is very Michael Mann.
It was the fulfillment of a dream I had as a child.
I wanted to have a saltwater fish tank.
And then, like, McGathey and I, like kind of custom designed one for the corner, McGathey built this beautiful tavern in my old house.
And part of that was she knew I wanted that fish tank.
And it's like, you know, I've now scratched that itch.
I'm not a fish tank guy.
Are these fish going to die?
What's going to happen to you?
I don't know how it works when you move out and you've got a fish tank.
I'm pretty sure it's up to you.
I'm pretty sure that you have your finger on that trigger.
Well, I don't, yeah, I mean, I don't know if you just like, but I'm saying like, I don't know if you just like,
You just wait for the fish that are in there to die of old age.
Like, do you just like keep coming back and visiting them and going like, hey, how's it going, Greg?
Like still kicking, huh?
Boy, getting pretty empty in there.
Yeah, well, we're fish, you know.
Usually, usually there's a bit more turnover than this.
It's just me and the snails now.
I don't expect you to understand how it works out here, but I moved.
Well, there's plenty of water in here.
How many current alive fish do you have?
I don't even know.
That's why I know I'm not a fish tank guy.
I don't have names.
You're a fish murderer.
You might as well be like on Deadliest Catch.
I'm a fish murderer the same way I am.
Yeah, I'm like how murderer when I buy because I'm not vegan.
I mean, which is a lot because I'm not supporting a marketplace that like,
by buying fish and putting them on display in my house,
I incentivized a marketplace that someone out there is catching and breeding fish.
Yeah, but you...
I'm not going to kill these fish.
These fish are fucking as happy as you can get in a tank.
There's no way to transport these fish into your new place.
Are you saying you're done with these fish?
Yeah, I'm not a fish tank guy.
Which means you're a fish murderer.
These fish can go...
I think you're projecting a lot in there.
Could you send these fish to a better home is what I mean?
Yeah, I'm sure you can.
Do you think I'm going to put them in a net and whip them across the yard or something?
That would be harder than leaving them where they're alive.
But how hard, it seems very hard to find a home for fish.
I know.
Next door app.
Yeah, I can check in with these maniacs that are...
Yeah, I should check back in on that.
I wonder if Rebecca ever got her secondhand bark collar
so that she could try one out without expending too much on her mission to make her dog not bark.
God damn it, who was that guy that was on her case?
It was like, your dog is barking because he's psychologically scarred.
And then everyone else was like, give him pills.
I got pills. Come over, get some pills.
Oh, I'd love to try those pills.
You're all insane. You need to socialize your dogs.
Shut up, Greg.
Greg's the name of the fish, too.
Right, yeah.
I'm not good at making up names.
So the fish will find the home?
The fish, if I do nothing, which is what I've done as a fish owner here to for,
like, the fish stay alive. Like, among the things I don't do
is tell the person that feeds the fish to not feed them.
I mean, like, I have default mechanisms that ensure a healthy, luxurious life for these fish in their little tank.
But I don't know what I'm...
You know, I'm going to have to find homes for them, I guess.
There's a little prawn in there, a couple prawns.
Adorable.
Always wanted a prawn. Then I got one and I was like, boring.
Looks like a shrimp hanging out.
It was just when I was a kid...
A prawn isn't shrimp.
When I was a kid, we had a freshwater tank and, like, we would go to the tropical fish store.
My mom was, like, into keeping a fish tank.
I had a plecostomus. I had, like, various things.
And I was more into it than my mom was into it.
And we'd go to the tropical fish store and then there was the saltwater section.
And, like, that's where all the cool fish were.
We were like, whoa, this thing looks like a spider in my mom ago.
Those are for rich people, you know.
I was like, those are hard to maintain.
They're expensive, all this stuff.
And so, just as surely as I...
Whenever I buy peanut butter on Amazon,
I will sort by price descending and pick the top one,
because fuck everyone that's ever...
You buy your peanut butter on Amazon?
Price descending.
If someone out there comes out with a $50 jar of peanut butter,
I'll be their only customer.
I blindly, like, I sort things by price descending and click the top one,
because I'm just like, never again, man.
Never deprived.
So you don't just go roll down to the gelsons
and scoop up some peanut butter there?
Oh, yeah, no, I love going down to the gelsons.
The fuck are you talking about?
You think I want poor germs?
The fuck?
You've become a monster.
You...
You don't enjoy walking down to the market
and rolling around the produce section
and go, oh, this apple looks pretty groovy?
Oh, yeah, it's great. Yeah, I love that.
I've always loved strangers.
They're great people.
I love their babies.
I love it when strangers have babies,
take them out in public, and it's my problem.
I love that. I love almost stepping on some urchin's head
and getting a shit look from their terrible parent.
Like, why is your baby rolling in dirt in public?
I should have stepped on it.
I should have stepped on your baby.
But I can't, because then you'd be like,
you'd Google me and be like, jackpot.
People probably put babies in front of me on purpose.
I was at a Target once, and I kicked a baby.
It was rolling around.
You know those days in Target when there's like a sale
and it just looks like a fucking war zone?
You walk in there and go, what the fuck happened to Target?
What is it? What are we in?
Fucking Beirut?
Sorry to Beirut, it's the Paris of the Middle East.
But it's like, I kicked a fucking baby.
It was like rolling around in the clothes.
It's like, what is a baby?
It just looks like a bunch of clothes.
It's a Target covered in clothes.
Everyone's just like, I can't believe people go in there
and go, oh, there's a sale at Target.
What's this, $3?
Nah, I don't need that.
Drop.
They just drop it on the floor.
It's insanity.
Oh, so you've been to a Target.
I've been to a Target.
This is like 20 years ago.
When I was like, I had the idea I was going to buy
five of the same shirt.
I'm like, okay, I'll go to a Target.
It was like a war zone.
And then I'm looking around, I'm like, let me just find
some shirts.
And it was like, I kicked this wet, mushy thing.
That wasn't a pile of clothes.
I thought you were joking.
You actually kicked a baby.
Yeah.
A human child.
Yes, I kicked him.
I thought you were doing a bit.
So this child actually rolls around the floor.
Yeah, it was rolling around in the dirty floor clothes.
Yes.
It was like playing a game called,
bet you think that I'm close and walk on me.
And the mom was just too busy throwing shirts on the floor
and I'm like, I kicked the kid.
And I was like, oh, shit.
You know, and the kid was like, ah.
And the mom looked at me like, like she gave me this look.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
I know the look.
We all know the look.
Why he kicked my baby look.
I know you baby kicker.
And I was like, I gave her this look.
I was like, do you, I mean, like, come on.
Chase her eyes the look I gave her.
Because you say la vie.
Okay.
Like how many languages, you know, like we're fucking,
your baby going to get stepped on.
Like, like, if I, man, you know,
when I was in public with my mom, she would,
she was like, this is not your house.
She would, you know, like, you go to a movie theater.
If you're like, you're watching a movie and you're like,
mom, how come the Jabberwockies don't know that.
She's like, shut the fuck up.
What are you, they're not your living room.
Jesus Christ, there's all these people here.
God damn, she's right.
You know, it's important to be shamed about public behavior.
I have a little bit of anxiety, but like,
I'm a better person for it.
I think, like, you know, my mom would say,
what if everyone here did what you just did?
How would that work for you?
Would you, is that the world you want to live in?
Oh God, no, that's gross.
I don't want to live in booger world.
She was a good mom in that sense.
I mean, she really knew how to lay down the suppressive fire.
What was your aftermath of you kicking the baby?
Did everything turn out okay?
We just kind of, yeah.
It was like flashing headlights at each other.
I was like, you kicked my baby.
I'm like, your baby, your baby's laying in dirt.
We did set it with our eyes, you know,
and then she just called the baby's name
and had it, like, you know, you know,
squirm over to her.
Squirm.
A little larva.
A little infant, like, under your older.
Yeah, it was old enough to know better.
Like, it wasn't like a baby, like a helpless baby.
Like, it was like, it had...
A baby of means.
It had motility.
It had, like, it's decision-making.
It was like, I think I'm going to go over there,
roll around on the floor.
Now, that's not the baby's...
But you were so excited about shirts,
five apiece, that you were walking around.
So excited.
Willie, Nilly, and just, like, don't even watch us do it.
I was walking.
No situational awareness at all.
That's it. There was no excitement.
Yeah, I wasn't looking for babies.
That's, yeah, you're right about that.
I was walking.
Yeah.
Heads up, looking for shirts.
Babies beware.
Yeah, no, it's stupid that there's babies on the ground.
I agree with that.
Well, I mean, you're kind of taking her side.
I'm taking your side.
I mean, you're a contrarian.
No, I'm taking your side.
I'm saying, like, why leave a baby on the ground?
I went around to it.
You're going to get walked on.
There was the initial round of, you're always challenging me.
You're like, oh, Dan's a piece of shit.
Let's find out why.
Like, that's what the show is now.
That's fine.
That's what the show has always been, Dan.
The show has always been.
There was a time when it was like, oh, I'm sharing my life,
and you're helping me stay on track.
And now it's like, I just, now I'm not sharing my life.
I'm like hiding, and I'm like, oh, no,
I ate a hot dog yesterday, and you're like,
you ate a hot dog.
Prove it.
I'm like, I don't know what was the thing between buns.
Nine buns.
I don't know, like two pieces of bread.
What's your favorite bread?
Name three breads.
I don't know, Jeff.
Whole wheat, like whole grain.
Whole grain?
And I can't be like, can I get back to what I was talking about?
Because what I was talking about is I hate doing the show,
and I wish I was dead.
I don't want that conversation to finish.
No, I'm actually very happy.
I hate doing the show.
I'm very happy.
I got a new MacBook today.
Thanks, Spencer.
No problem, man.
It doesn't have the little thing.
It doesn't have that strip.
Yeah, do you want that?
We could take it back.
What is that?
What is that strip?
What does it mean?
It's got F keys on it.
You know, like the F1 and the F2?
It's got like that.
And I think sometimes it has emojis.
On the keyboard itself?
On the little bar.
Why is it different?
Why is that a thing that's on some MacBooks and not others?
I think it's just on the top model for both the 13 inch and the 15 inch.
Top model?
Yeah.
I didn't get the top model?
No, I think we talked about it.
We could do that.
It's $300 more.
Is it America's top model?
Dan.
Dad.
Oh, is that what this is?
Am I your dad now?
Cody ordered me a shirt.
I will take my belt off right now, Dan.
Cody ordered me a shirt that's aware when it came in tonight.
But there was a shirt online that says dad jokes.
I think you mean rad jokes.
But the thing is, the photo of the shirt, like the advertisement for it, it's a picture of a shirt.
And then there's two converse all-stars coming in frame, laying on the corner of the shirt,
just to make it more rad, the shirt.
And I was like, well, I want the shirt, but I want the tennis shoes in there, too.
I want the whole shirt on a shirt.
So she ordered the shirt, and the shirt's got a picture of a shirt on it with shoes on it.
The shirt says dad jokes.
I think you mean rad jokes.
It's a confusing shirt.
Can you show me?
We can't show the whole audience, but I'd like to see this.
Okay, okay.
It feels like a courtroom.
Sure, the bailiff.
Oh, that's nice.
Like it's a shirt with a picture of a shirt on it, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, it's a shirt with a picture of a shirt on it.
It's like a hat on a hat.
It's a shirt on a shirt.
It's a shoe on a shirt on a shirt.
Well, there's no guest tonight, by the way.
What do you think Colin Hanks is going to come out and make it worth your time?
No. This is all you get.
No, so-and-so.
I think we should do is try to really get back on track on D&D.
Spencer, I think tonight brought, he brought the character sheets and the whole flim flam, right?
Yeah.
You got dice of your own, and we don't have to go out to the crowd.
And I say we really, Dan, you, me, Spencer, get to really figure out where we are,
remember what was going on, and then begin again afresh.
Yeah. Why did I get a new MacBook Pro, you're asking?
Dan, don't you have like 90 laptops?
Dan, I have a question for you.
Yeah.
Why did you get a new MacBook Pro?
Because I've been making music on my iPad Pro.
I took Apple at face value when they said,
you can now produce music on this iPad Pro.
It has a USB-C port in it.
That opens you up to limitless possibilities.
I was like, okay, I'm going to get on the board with this.
I follow Henny the business on YouTube.
He's into the iPad Pro, and he's written music for Drake or something.
And he's like, people are going to be making music with the iPad Pro.
I'm like, he's Henny the business.
He does tutorials and stuff.
All this time, last year or so, I've been learning all these apps and things,
spending all this money, USB cables and things.
They're all buggy.
Here's the only program that works on the iPad Pro for making music.
GarageBand, that's it, without crashing, without having some fatal bug.
All the other ones are just like these weird experimental things.
They have different bugs.
If you don't want the bug that's in Cubases too, you can use Oreo Pro,
but you've got a different bug.
You can't have bugs that are just like, oh shit,
if you work for an hour on this song, this shit happens that makes it all weird.
That's not acceptable.
I was like, we're not ready for this.
It's like VR technology.
We keep pretending we want to be in the future,
and it's like, you're going to be making music on your iPad Pro.
No, you're not.
It's a fucking giant iPhone.
Get your shit together, Apple.
Suck my titty.
I guess they announced a new iOS for iPads today.
Two steps forward, one step back.
There already was an iPad iOS, and then they merged it with the fucking iPhone iOS,
and now it's like, oh no, you need a special iPad iOS.
Yeah, why?
Because you think if you're holding a big giant fucking thing in your hands,
you might want it to work like a goddamn laptop.
You fucking Apple turds.
So I just got a laptop.
I'm like, what am I doing?
I'm sitting in bed in my pajamas.
I'm trying to make music.
I've laptop weighs the same, and it's apparently the only thing that's not going to crash every time.
Logic Pro seems really cool.
So I'm going to be making even better music now, Jeff.
I've been enjoying your Instagram little music nuggets.
Yeah, and I want to wire my car for audio so that I can...
It's just awful singing in the car, and then you bring it home,
and you're trying to EQ out the car sound, and it's just bad.
I keep trying to keep getting all these different mics.
I got a lav mic and put it on my seatbelt.
For real?
Yeah, and it didn't work.
You can probably get one in your headliner up here above you.
I tried. Lav mics won't work because lav mics have this reaction to the background sound of the car
that's actually even worse than the built-in mic on the iPhone.
As soon as you start driving in the car, there's sound from outside,
the lav mics go fucking insane.
They think that you're dragging it down a gravel path, and it blows out all of the audio.
So you need a hardwired mic in your car.
Yeah, I need to get shotgun mics that are special and point them out.
I bet if you got on the phone...
Do that again?
Yeah, I need to get special shotgun mics.
One over here, one over here.
I bet if you called a sweetwater or the Sam Ash or the people like that, they would...
Yeah.
Don't die.
Oh, no, no. That's not how I'm going to die.
Were you coughing at the mention of sweetwater?
Yeah, well, I'm coughing at the mention of working with audio people.
No offense to our audio people.
I mean, I know that is the solution, but it's just like...
Yeah, but they would sort that out for you like straight off the bat.
It's just hard because the vibration translates like through the whole frame of the car.
They don't go into audio because their personalities are wonderful.
I hope our audio people didn't hear that.
What are some jobs that you go into because your personalities are wonderful?
Like an actor.
You know, I wish my car needed acting.
I called Joel McHale.
I've had him in my car.
It makes the car better at acting.
It's great. Actors are great.
Very pleasant people.
Technically psychotic, I mean, their job is to pretend cameras aren't there.
It takes a little bit of a...
But I mean, they don't make that your problem.
They're performers.
I don't trust that actors are good people.
I just trust that they're being good at acting.
Right, their personalities are great.
Well, their acted personalities are.
Yeah, their front-facing personalities.
The part that you have to touch.
That's great.
It doesn't have audio guys sweat on it.
But you're going to suffer now by not having...
You're going to have to try...
We're going to suffer because our audio guys are going to put fart sounds all over the rest of the show.
Slurpee, slurp, slurp sounds.
But that would be pretty cool to trick out your car with mics so you could just have always a camera on you
and always have mics on you that you could just do whatever you wanted.
Yeah, I want to take that on as a little hobby.
Get excited about the technical application of it.
Because I find that when I get into just the...
By the time I get that figured out, that's when I start to like...
I lose interest in the creative.
Why don't you call up the people that do cash cab or something like that and just say, hey...
I think there's people I could bring into it.
I just kind of...
Why don't you do cash cab?
Yeah, once you get it all figured out, you can just do cash cab.
I think cash cab doesn't drive very fast.
So once you hit a certain speed, it kind of changes the nature of the vibration.
Yeah, because in New York, you never go anywhere.
You're stuck at a stoplight the entire time.
I guess part of the reason I don't immediately ask for outside help is because
I really love going to Fry's electronics.
I just love to spend a weekend there.
When you go into Fry's, do you like finding a clerk there and saying, hey...
No, I love that it's a wasteland now.
I love that the internet has turned Fry's into just this weird ghost town.
So you're just freestyling in there and just saying, I think this is what's going to work.
I just wander down Isles and go, oh, that looks like it's shaped like a metal thing.
And you never see a clerk and go, hey, buddy, come over here.
If you see a clerk, they nervously dart into a back room with a box that they were taping up.
Their job is to index the plexiglass that has all of the shit locked down
that could be stolen and valuable.
The only people there are people that need shit that you can get faster
by driving down to Fry's than you can on Amazon, which is like...
When you had your fish tank angularly fixed into the wall of your place,
you didn't just go freestyle. You had somebody on the phone.
Or was that Aaron doing that?
I'm saying at some point you've reached out to the strangers and said,
I need help with this. Let's make this great.
Oh, you mean the ongoing eight-year process of trying to make my house
able to play a Phil Collins song when I want to hear one?
Yeah, that $1.2 million project, consisting of team after team
of fucking professionals coming in for consultations
and then ripping the walls apart and putting more fucking ethernet cable
throughout it and asking me more questions
and only to tell me that what I want doesn't work with whatever the fuck.
That little hobby, yeah, not satisfying, which is why I kind of...
Maybe it's a recourse to my self-esteem and masculinity
or something that I want to wire my car for sound and have control over.
I would literally put a little mixer on my dashboard or something.
Just don't kill yourself in your car.
Make sure that your eyes are on the road when you're doing all this.
You've already expressed that, and I find that adorable.
Every time I watch your videos, I love them and they're hilarious,
but I was like, oh, don't die on camera.
But then you wouldn't have died on camera because you go back and edit them
and put lyrics on them.
But when I tell you that, of course, I'm driving carefully,
you're like, yeah, but your eyes are darting all around.
You're watching me drive defensively.
I've never been in a car wreck.
I'm a defensive driver.
When I'm singing, you can see me being like...
I have my own hang-ups about people worrying about people getting in car wrecks,
so that's my own thing.
I wish I was so good at singing that I could lose myself in it enough to have a car accident.
I think that's Celine Dion you're thinking of.
I'm not going to be like,
like close my eyes like Mariah Carey or something.
I'm gesturing the notes that I'm getting.
Have you seen that thing where...
What's the fucking late night show host that I don't know?
He had Celine Dion in his car.
James Corden.
Yeah, and he brought Celine Dion in his car,
and they just did karaoke in his car.
It's great.
It's really good.
Then the whole time, I'm worried that they're going to die.
So you can wire a car for sound is what I'm hearing.
I just got to figure it out.
They probably had a guy laying down in the backseat with a boom mic and shit.
That's how I've performed in cars.
There was always a boom guy in the backseat for real.
They probably had a sound mixer laying down in the back.
I saw a guy on YouTube video.
He was like,
oh, here's how you podcast in your car.
He had a preamp that he recommended in live mics.
He said you put the live mic on your seatbelt,
but I thought I got everything that he recommended and it sounded like shit.
I don't know if you mean...
I don't know.
The thing might be you can't get on the freeway or something.
It definitely helps.
I podcasted in my car too.
The faster you go, when you hit, say, 35, it gets worse.
45 is a lot worse.
And then there's different kind of consistencies of roads.
So like some roads, when I get on it gets all fucked up,
but if I stick to other ones, it's fine.
I'm surprised that sound doesn't work like green video
and that you could just say,
hey, here's a sampling of the sound of my car on the freeway.
Remove that from this audio.
You can.
I don't think it's perfect, but you can definitely do that.
It definitely helps.
It's because there's a part of me saying the word pickle
that's also using the same part of the audio spectrum
as the sound of the freeway.
Yeah.
And so you can't do it without me sounding like...
You're removing freeway sounds from my throat.
There's all sorts of in-betweens though.
You can definitely get it better.
And then there's also just like the better audio apps
have just a way to remove sounds below a certain threshold.
So like when you're talking or something
or when you're not talking, if it's too quiet,
you just won't hear that.
So if it's like a low road sound, it'll just be gone.
There's something kind of satisfying about the pursuit of sound.
Oh yeah, it's great.
I mean, I love sound.
Sounds so cool.
And it's like, it's different.
I don't know.
Video editing is probably the same,
but I just like audio editing.
It feels so powerful.
You can just really get your hands on it and like rip it apart
and do stuff to it.
And I don't even know what I'm doing.
Such a thing is perfect silence.
And you know, yeah, just like ways to like optimize.
But it's like beyond working in black and white,
it's like you're just working in sound.
And it's like, it's like, I think I can see the appeal of that.
Or you're like, I could control this world.
I want to do sound design and stuff.
That could be cool.
Yeah.
Hey, you want to, you want to, you want to,
you want me to give you a little starting library of stuff?
Sure.
This is a champagne cork.
Holy shit.
Here's a, here's a, here's a window opening.
Old, old timey choo-choo train starting up.
Choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo-choo...
Woo-hoo!
That's very good.
Yeah, thank you.
The, the, the battle of Stalingrad.
Ah!
Dostoevsky!
Dostropia!
Oh, Dossboot!
Wow, there's a German guy in there.
German sufferator.
They were fighting the Germans.
Yeah, someone lost their boot.
Or found one of their...
That boot. That particular boot.
That's the weirdest part of that movie, Dossboot,
is when the guy just looked at the camera and says,
Dossboot.
He doesn't do that.
How about...
Can I give you more sound ideas?
You want like a scary haunted house?
Probably just for...
Just general purpose haunted house atmosphere.
There's a cowboy in there fighting both the Dracula and the ghost.
Give me...
If your Dracula and your ghost start fighting each other,
just put a cowboy in your haunted house.
He'll sort shit out.
Dracula waking up and realizing he needs a shave and shaving.
So this is Count Dracula having a morning shave.
Count Dracula waking up and saying he needs a morning shave.
Yes.
Well, first of all...
You tried to trick Dracula into killing himself.
Right, but whatever morning means to Count Dracula.
Okay, it was midnight, I think.
It could be the opposite of Cock-a-doodle-doo.
It's midnight when the strip is hot.
That's when Dracula gets out.
Blah.
Oh, blah.
Blah, blah.
The last part was him going like, I don't have any blood.
So I cut myself shaving. B-F-D.
Big fucking Dracula.
Wouldn't he be full of blood after a good night's sleep?
He'd be mostly blood.
He'd be hungry.
He wakes up at midnight hungry for blood.
Of course he needs...
It's half of the reason he's waking up.
For breakfast, he's like, I just bled at McMuffin.
I'm hungrier than I used to be.
I'm saying I don't even think anything comes out.
I think whatever he got the previous night by sunup.
Spiders?
Oh, spiders come out.
I mean, look, you're free to interpret.
Let's say...
Robert De Niro is...
is having a bad time in the backseat of an Uber.
Okay.
For Robert?
Yes.
You going to a museum?
Downtown museum?
Huh?
What?
Yeah.
Let's say Robert De Niro decides to get out of that Uber
because he's having a bad time, gets into a helicopter,
and then starts a lawnmower.
Okay, okay, okay.
I just... No.
I turn... I go to Western.
Don't take Western. Don't take Western.
Don't just go to Franklin.
No, I take sweetie. You don't know.
Let me out. Just let me out of the Uber.
Let me out. Let me out.
Let me out of the Uber. Let me out of the Uber.
Also, an English ambulance goes by as this is happening.
Fuck's sake.
Throw in a can opener while the chainsaw's going.
All right, lawnmower, lawnmower, lawnmower,
lawnmower, chainsaw, can opener.
The helicopter changes gears.
The lawnmower is still going,
but somebody needs to open a can of peas
and an electric can opener is there.
You hear that?
That was the lawnmower was going,
and then the electric can opener was on top of it.
Where's the chopper?
I mean, the chopper's drowned out by the lawnmower.
Come on, man.
Rest in peace, Roger Huebner.
We did it.
Yeah.
That's a deep track for us.
When I met Dan in, what, was it, 94 or something like that?
Well, I mean, you want to talk about Roger Huebner, you can.
I mean, Rest in Peace, Roger Huebner,
he's a comedy sports sound effects guy.
He was buried with his microphone.
I was at Little Dom's with Danny DeVito,
and the can opener,
the waiter who was taking our order,
and it was like,
Danny DeVito was like,
oh, that was a chicken parmesan.
It's the size of a manhole cover.
You want to split it?
I was going to order the chicken parm, too.
And he's like, all right, we'll split the chicken parmesan,
and the waiter's like,
uh-huh, and he's got kind of this weird look on his face.
He's kind of like fidgeting,
and he finishes taking the order.
It's a big table full of people.
Doing a little project with the DeVito clan.
I'm sitting here, rare dinner,
and I'm eating with Danny DeVito.
It's fun.
The waiter's like fidgeting,
and he's like, uh-huh, yeah.
Okay, so you wanted this,
and you wanted that,
and then he's just like,
he goes like,
um,
uh, Michael Keaton's here,
and he just got...
I love him,
and I love him about it.
He's like, there are little doms every day, almost.
The staff there, it's a fancy place.
There's a lot of celebrities coming through.
So he was nervous about you and Danny DeVito.
He was nervous that Michael Keaton was sitting right over there.
He, I mean,
because Batman was in the same restaurant as the Penguin is...
Oh!
Oh, shit!
And so the waiter was like...
I mean, it's like...
The waiters there are like,
they know better than the...
Like, for all they know,
they're gonna get yelled at,
fired, who knows?
Like, for, you know...
Los Angeles in general has a culture of,
you're supposed to treat famous people like ghosts,
you know, you're not supposed to...
Because they dress funny and they have unfinished business.
But the more you acknowledge them,
the more it's like, what are you, a tourist?
Like, get out of here,
especially if you're a server at a place
where there's traffic with celebrities.
I imagine your manager would be like,
what the fucking...
Kirsten Dunst come through here
and you fucking like asked her for a selfie,
you piece of shit, that was the first famous person
that ever came in this restaurant,
she could have turned into three famous people,
but you chased her off, you smothered her!
You know, I imagine that that's what it's like,
that there's that culture unconsciously or not.
And so it was just like extra funny for him
because he was clearly so...
The irony was too much for him.
He wasn't like star fucking, he was like...
Michael Keaton's here, it's too much,
he can't handle it, it's like the fucking...
And I was like, whoa, whoa!
If Christopher Walkenwalked in,
then it'd be fucking, yeah, forget about it.
And then DeVito's like,
like, ah, maybe I'll go talk to him later.
Like he's like, all right, I'm a baller.
And then later on, here comes Michael Keaton
and I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You know?
I thought we settled this.
Yeah, like guys, not here.
And then Michael Keaton kind of,
he's carrying a toddler.
But not his own.
Well, I don't know.
Yeah, there was a screaming woman like,
stop, stop, stop that famous man.
Stop that Batman.
He's got my toddler.
Batman stole my baby.
He's just kind of like hoising,
like a very, very like confident,
like dad thing where you got the kid,
like kind of sitting on your bicep kind of thing.
Like, you know, like kids that kind of just,
you know, situated on the one arm
and he's carrying him and then he,
and then I think he was, yes,
ending my bit of like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
You know?
And he kind of like, Michael Keaton kind of
looked at Danny and then like,
he kind of went, ah!
And I just thought it was so funny,
it was like, yeah, like,
and I really don't say this disparagingly.
I'm like, God, to get so old
and to have such a full life that you're like,
you played Batman and you just kind of forgot
what Batman is.
Like, he's just like,
maybe it's like Godzilla, I don't know.
Oh yeah, we fought in a movie.
Ah!
And Danny DeVito did the same thing,
like, ah!
I was like, these guys don't know.
They, for all they know,
they were the mummy and like fucking Frankenberry.
Like, they're just happy to see each other.
The mummy and Frankenberry.
That's the best.
But then the crazy thing is,
like, then the two famous people,
like, you know, they talk to each other,
but it's like, table full of people,
they were all participating in the joke,
like a spectacle,
but then you have to kind of like stare at the table
and wait for them to finish talking,
because you can't, you're not friends.
You don't know these people.
Then they just talk about God knows what,
and yeah.
That's great.
Yeah.
And then Jim Rash was there from community.
He was outside in the front,
and Levi's like, Jim Rash is here,
and I was like, ah!
That should be the new thing, no matter who you meet.
You see an extra girlfriend, ah!
By the way, you know, not to be this guy,
but just to report in,
like, Michael Keaton looks fantastic.
Yeah.
He's out there looking fantastic right now.
Yeah, he was Birdman.
How did Jim Rash look?
He looked like a Birdman.
Yeah, you're right.
I mean, he's just out there looking good.
Jim Rash is a little sketchy.
I heard he's gotten jacked.
No, he did look, yeah, you look like he's probably,
I mean, he always was pretty fit.
I believe it.
I don't believe it.
He was with, I believe his writing partner,
Matt.
And yeah, they were,
and he was telling me about the project
they just finished doing,
which I'll assume I'm not allowed to talk about,
but whatever.
I don't know.
It sounded exciting.
Whatever.
This has been the celebrity.
I get excited.
For God, I was at a restaurant
with the fucking Batman and the Penguin.
Yeah, I saw you recently.
You didn't tell me this story.
God, I mean, what a way,
it was like, everything in me,
it was like, God damn it,
do you fucking like,
like, what a wasted,
you know, like, ah!
You can't, though.
I can't, I couldn't.
It was impossible, like, to be like,
guys, they hate to do it,
but could I get a photo,
you know, and like,
like, be separating them and,
you know, it's just,
what an Instagram.
That would have been what we call a golden gram.
You guys would,
you guys would have loved that.
On my Instagram,
you would have given it a heart.
That's why you're an influencer.
Yeah.
You never know when you're going to get one of those.
Oh, look at that.
Right?
That's Batman.
Oh, there he is.
There's the penguin.
Oh, look who's in the middle.
Oh, the so-and-so.
I've been watching the berries.
I love berry.
The HBO is a great show.
And years ago,
I was at an airport,
maybe I've said this before,
and somebody walked up to Henry Winkler,
who was just waiting for his plane,
like, at the gate,
sitting in the chair.
And somebody said,
Mr. Winkler, I'm a big fan.
Can I get a photo?
And he goes, no.
I was like, that's the best.
He wasn't mean about it.
He was very polite.
Like, no.
I'm happily not taking a photo with you.
What's the one, Malcolm McDowell?
I was at the airport.
Have I told this one on the show?
Malcolm McDowell from a fucking
Clarkwood Orange and what?
Entourage?
I think, I don't know that.
But Malcolm McDowell was,
we're in Calgary airport,
and he was,
like, looking at magazines at the,
like, the bookstore place that has
crap, you know, books and magazines
and M&Ms and whatnot.
And a guy walks up,
like, a young, young-ish,
you know, kind of fanboy,
and comes up,
Mr. McDowell, I'm a huge fan of yours.
Can I please get a photo
or an autograph?
And he goes, no.
And the fucking kid just,
just fucking boned out.
And I was like,
I was watching this go down,
like, wow, that was fucking harsh.
I've told the story before.
You must stop me.
You may have, but it's not.
But then it's the cowboy hats,
because in Calgary's stampede,
they give you the cowboy hats.
So we had done a show,
and if you're a performer in Calgary,
the Chamber of Commerce
gives you a white Stetson hat
with a maple leaf on it,
and it's like, it's a big,
it's like symbol of honor from Calgary.
So me, Greg Proops, Ryan Stiles,
Chip Esson, we all have our hats,
and we're all getting on the same plane together,
and Malcolm McDowell's in front of me,
and he has his hat too.
So we're all loading in the first class,
we've all got cowboy hats.
I must have told the story before.
I bet you did, but it's like,
I don't know, it's so long ago,
I don't remember.
If we both forget, then who cares?
Yeah, well, let the audience decide.
Well, I mean, but they're helpless.
They're hostages.
Let them sit there and remember.
Why don't you marry remembering stuff?
You should have took a picture.
So we're getting on the plane,
and he's in front of me,
I'm number two getting on,
and he's got his cowboy hat,
and he's just told this poor kid to bone out
politely asking for interaction with Malcolm McDowell,
and he didn't dig it.
So he's in front of me,
and we're waiting to get on,
like, sit in our seats,
and he's in row one, and I'm in row two,
and he's putting his hat up in the bin,
and I go, oh, I see you've got a hat too.
I'm just trying to find a way to talk to him.
And he goes, oh, yes, yes, I see you've got yours as well.
I said, how did you get yours?
I said, I'm wearing like skinny jeans
and like a motley crew shirt.
And I said, well, I'm a professional bull rider.
And he goes, you are?
Okay, now I remember.
And I go, no.
And he goes, oh, I wish you wouldn't have said that.
He would have been so happy that I was a professional bull rider.
He wanted to eat that Joe Pantoliano steak.
What?
Matrix, Matrix.
Oh, wow, you lost me on that one.
But no, I got you.
The steak was more delicious.
And then we watched him overact
while he was learning his lines for entourage
the whole flight.
I wonder what it takes anecdotally,
because I think to myself, like, what would it take
to ever arrive at a place where someone, you know,
acknowledging recognition of you?
Somebody being like, hey, look, there's Dan Harmon
in Line at Fries, you know?
Which I'm like, what would it take to make that
so fucking like that you would be like, no!
And I know the answer, like, I'm not an actor.
Have you ever done that?
Have you ever been in a bad mood
and somebody walked up and wanted some interaction?
No, never, ever.
I mean, I've been, I've only been,
I think we've talked about this before.
There's only been like probably two instances
in my entire life of anyone ever talking to me,
like, in that context.
And it was only, it was, the person was,
look, I'll be honest with you,
I'm not a huge fan of the fucking autographed guys
that sometimes like come out here,
and I'm sorry if you're in the audience,
because if you are, then I misjudge you,
because part of why I don't like them
is I don't even think they come into the fucking show.
I think they, and I don't think they really give a fuck,
and they like, they strike this tone of like,
that's based on the shared culture we all have,
which is you should be grateful for somebody
to want your autograph, which you should.
But like, they build on that mythology
and use the same, and go like,
at festivals and stuff, there's people,
they don't know who you are,
they just like, they get like some heads up
about who you are, like they're just there
to like collect these piles of fucking signatures,
they don't give a shit, and then that's fine too.
But like, the way that they try to,
they play into your guilt, like they go like,
come on man, come on man, I've been out here all day,
like they say shit that like, is so inverse to like,
come on man, fuck you, you can't high road me,
and like, that's it, it's people that are disingenuous.
Nobody that's like hat in hand,
and I told the story of that guy at the billiards place
that like, did everything wrong,
but I still wasn't mean to him ever,
I just like made fun of him on the show like later,
because he didn't really know who I was,
he thought I was Justin and he didn't like whatever,
but it's still, I'm just, I truly curious,
like cause I'm sure the answer is like really wonderful,
like what is it that happens to the Barbara Streisand's
of the world, the Malcolm McDowell's like,
what stories do they have about people just like,
like just, there must be horrible things
that have happened to them because they allow it.
Somebody I know went up to like George Harrison
at the airport, LAX, and he was eating breakfast,
and he walked up to Mr. Harrison, can I get an autograph?
And he goes, no, like I'm fucking having breakfast,
like you don't get to walk up and interrupt everything.
By the way, I have three co-workers,
and one of them got shot doing this.
Eating breakfast, yeah.
Like 25% of the people that do what I do die this way.
You're not catching me stoked ever.
Spencer, do you get, how much do you get rumbled
for being Spencer walking down the road?
Not really, pretty rarely.
Is it comfortable or uncomfortable for you?
I'm fine with it.
It's great.
You know, the thing about pictures,
I always tell people who are awkward,
like the thing about pictures and autographs
is they really frame the interaction.
You know what they want, you know when they have it,
and they know that they can now leave satisfied.
Whereas if they don't ask for that,
they kind of just like orbit and say things like,
I'm so nervous, I don't know what to say,
you probably think I'm a loser.
Well, you're not giving me a lot of other options.
Like I guess I do, okay.
But I mean, and it's fine to talk to people too,
but it's just like, but when you ask for an autograph,
it's like, yeah, then you can shoot the shit or something,
but then they're like, oh yeah, now I have my autograph,
I'm good to go, and so that's always great.
But it's very rare for, I don't know, for people,
sometimes people just want to ask a lot of questions,
and it seems like they're just searching for questions to ask,
and that's not always the best, but even that's not bad.
The worst time I had was like this really drunk guy,
I want to say in Chicago or something,
that was like no joke wanting me to like get in
on his business opportunity,
like wanting me to buy a time share or some shit.
It's like, I don't want any of this,
and there's other people that want to talk to me too,
and I want to talk to them,
and I don't want to buy your time share or whatever, you know.
That was the worst, but it's always really great.
I worked with this guy who said,
I don't know, it was like one of these Beatle guys.
He worked with one of these Beatle guys in Britain,
and he was drawing a little doodle.
Sorry, when you say Beatle guys,
are we talking about Ringo Starr, what's going on here?
Yeah, it might have been George Harrison, I don't know.
It's one of these Beatle guys, right?
You don't know, you worked with one of them?
No, I worked with a guy who worked with a Beatle guy.
Oh, so a Beatle guy, yeah, okay.
I would have remembered if I worked with a Beatle guy.
It would have been your job to remember, yeah.
Right, exactly.
But he was like drawing a picture,
and then he put it down,
and then one of his assistants came and took the picture
and put it into a folder and whisked it away,
and he was like, why did that just happen?
He was like, well, these people stole my lyrics out of my car,
and they're in a museum, and they won't give them back now.
So now I have this guy, and he takes all the stuff I touch,
and he photocopies it and keeps it away from people.
And that's like a level of fame where you probably are,
just like, I mean, your whole worldview must be upside down
just because it's like people will just fuck with your shit.
That was Paul McCartney for sure.
Oh, it might have been Paul McCartney, yeah.
I told this story when I was at South by,
and I was on the same flight as Padgett Brewster,
and there were people waiting outside the airport for her,
which was a different level.
It was like not just waiting outside the airport
because there's celebrities coming around because it's South by,
but they had shit that was Padgett Brewster related.
But then there were also people that were like,
no, they had a bunch of blank pieces of paper,
photo paper, like glossy paper, which by the fucking,
ugh, when you sign photo paper, it's like nails on chalkboard.
It's like that squeaky freak, I don't know.
We'll talk about unrelatable harm and what the fuck.
Because I remember somebody was like,
oh, you too, can I get you,
it was just like throwing me a bone because there's just blank things.
And then I walked into the airport,
and they acted like they thought I was famous because I was with you,
and she's like, yeah, but you know what?
Those people, they make me sign those blank pieces of photo paper,
and then they print fake nudes on them.
And then a fake nude signed by Padgett, what?
That just blows my, that's almost too hilarious to be abused,
because it's just like, oh, look, I mean, it's like, what?
You're selling that?
Look, she signed, is it like a troll thing?
It sounds like probably the intent is like she did it
for someone she was intimate with and it's like stolen.
It's like, oh, this is a real thing.
She sent a boyfriend or something.
She also did say that,
she said she tends to get pulled aside at TSA checkpoints
because she was on this criminal minds show or whatever.
Created by me.
The TSA people are really into these certain mainstream crime dramas,
and they always recognize her,
and she said an inordinate that they'll pat her down.
Yeah, and it's like, they're not, I don't think, I mean,
I don't think she would want me to say,
imply that they're doing it so that they can touch her.
It's more like they want to take her aside
and then tell her they're a big fan.
They're not going down the giving of the full business of Padgett.
I think it's kind of like, yeah, special check your bag thing,
and then it's like, by the way, can I get a selfie?
Because I would hate to imply in this climate,
we need to take that shit seriously, this idea of,
that wasn't part of the idea,
was that they were doing it to grope.
But it's still fucking crazy, the idea that they're like,
oh yeah, random spot check.
I think your bag smells like explosives,
so can you come over here?
By the way, big fan cha-ching!
I mean, you expect more from the TSA.
Spencer, I'm going to come over there and grab
some character sheets.
Did I fill the time?
This is why I got to become a musician,
because when I moved to L.A.,
I was like, hey, let's go see Harry Dean Stanton
at this hotel lounge,
or you go see Jeff Goldblum play piano.
It was part of the L.A. culture.
I either got to stop doing this show,
or I got to learn the clarinet or something.
Because it's like, dumb otherwise.
I'm tired of it.
What am I supposed to tell you about?
I can't tell you anything about my new house,
because then you can come and shoot me.
I can't tell you I'm afraid you'll shoot me,
because then that's alienating.
Oh, please shoot me.
Oh, what a cool guy wishes he was shot.
There's no reward in it.
I'm not being provocative or being a dick
by asking this question,
but have you fired your gun and used it
to change your...
No, my actual gun, no.
I'm afraid to fire it because the first thing I did
when I bought it is take it apart and clean it
and put it back together.
So now it's a gun that's been assembled
by a fucking idiot.
It should just have a sticker on it
that says, like, a fucking liberal
that got scared because Trump got elected,
put this together.
Don't ever pull the trigger.
It's going to blow up in your hands.
That's why I want to get a revolver.
Yeah, because that's the thing I couldn't wait to do.
I mean, I was like...
I always wanted to, like, take a gun apart.
So I did.
Now it's a bomb.
And then I, like, put it back together.
I'm like, well, that doesn't seem like it should be rattling.
I guess they rattle in the movies,
but I always thought that was, like, overindulgent
Foley artists, you know?
Like, every time John McClain, like, goes like this,
the gun goes like...
I just always thought that was, like, audio guys
being like, oh, man, fucking, like, clinkity, clink, clink.
Give me more clinks on that.
But it's like, no, those things really
kind of rattle in your hand, which
it just makes me feel like it's going to blow up
when I shoot it.
Genuinely terrified. Which is good, though,
because I told the story of the guy in my porch
and, like, you know, and Spencer's talked about how
they do studies where you touch one of these things
and your testosterone goes up
and, like, the danger of having one of these things.
It's like, it's good to think
that it will explode if I fire it.
Like, that's better than...
That second best to not owning a gun
is being so afraid to fire it
that, because you think you probably
kill yourself.
You know, you can blow up your hand
along with the intruder.
Yeah. Unless you're trying to kill yourself
with a gun, then it's, like, about the same.
That would be amazing if you got the gun
and then you're like, I'm going to blow my brains out
and then it, like, goes...
It just takes your hand off.
Yeah. And you're like, ow.
And they're like, what's your emergency?
And you're like, I blew my hand off.
And they're like, sir, calm down.
What was the thing you told you...
Oh, yeah. Someone sent us...
Here, let me pull it up.
Someone sent us, or me,
an Instagram message.
Yeah.
I just had it.
You know, Dan says that
in these podcasts, whenever you call 9-1-1,
they tell you to calm down or whatever.
And someone's...
This is a good story, huh?
No, it is good.
I love our fan community.
Somebody sent you a message basically
saying that they had an experience
where they called 9-1-1.
And because they needed to calmly inform...
Yeah. Shit, I can't fucking...
Hold on. Everybody shut up.
Yeah, the guy needed to call 9-1-1
because he saw someone passed out in the street
and he thought they needed medical attention or something.
And the rest, be surprised you.
Cat underscore E underscore Reyes writes,
off topic to this post,
but driving home today,
I found a man passed out in a park
and while calmly calling 9-1-1,
I was told to calm down.
I just think it's so funny.
It really happens.
Why do they tell you to calm down so much?
That's their one joy in life.
If you call them calm,
you're going to end up in prison, man.
This guy was so calm.
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury,
I'm telling you, I'm going to be so calm
if I call 9-1-1
that I'm not going to call 9-1-1.
I'm going to try to fake,
like, panic.
Like, I'm going to come home.
If Cody's murdered, I'm going to be like,
oh shit, Cody got murdered.
All right, I'm going to call 9-1-1
and they're going to think I did it
because I'm going to be calm
because I'm, like, compartmentalized.
I don't know, I have a fucking thing.
That's a problem.
So then I'm going to go like,
oh my god, my wife is dead.
And they're going to be like,
that's fake.
Yeah.
There's this situation
I drove by
kind of near your neighborhood
where it seemed like some,
I don't know, some plain clothes cops
who just looked like guys with guns
in their waistband, like,
were accosting this dude in a car
and trying to pull him out of his car
and the guy was screaming for help, I'm pretty sure
because the cops didn't identify themselves as cops.
And so I was like, I don't know what to do
and I called 3-1-1 and I didn't go anywhere
and then I called 9-1-1 and it was just like
jammed, the lines were jammed,
like I couldn't get through and I'm like,
it's a good thing this isn't an emergency happening to me.
I'd be out of luck.
I have to meet with an estate planner,
which is a meeting
that is just really easy to keep cancelling.
Sure.
When are you ever in the mood to have coffee
and talk about what should happen when you die
with all your money?
I'm just always like, oh, is that at noon today?
Yeah.
I'm folding my socks.
I kind of feel like that would be a fun meeting to have.
Yeah.
I keep a note
in my iPhone updated.
Well, you take mine.
Because here's what I want to tell the person.
Because I told Cody,
we're getting a house together.
I definitely, here's a nightmare scenario.
Something God forbid happens to me.
Let's just call it hit by a bus
even though we know that bus is going to be
cholesterol.
But
let's just say it's like
sudden and unexpected
and it's just done.
The idea of
loving Cody, moving the house together.
We're not married yet.
And she's just living in this house
that she's not
she chose it with me
but she's not
she doesn't have a claim to it if I die
and then
all of a sudden some horrendous
relative from Wisconsin
who knows.
Like shit town.
Yeah.
I don't know how that shit works.
So anyway,
there's a nightmare scenario to be avoided
and Cody and I are aware of it.
But then I'm like
another problem if you're like
driving with Cody and I'm like
I want to plan my estate.
But you need to know
there needs to be a Schrodinger's box here
so that you're not incentivized to kill me.
Like
and she's like
I'm not going to kill you.
That's what she'd say if she was going to kill you.
That's what you'd say if you were going to kill me.
And I'm like look,
here's what I'm going to do.
When I plan my estate
I'm going to have no matter how
unmisterious my death is
like
let's say I'm worth 5 million when I die.
I'm just picking a number
that's based on when you look up the thing
it says like what are they worth.net
or whatever it's for
it says I'm worth 5 million.
I don't know what that means.
But
let's say that's what I'm worth
and then
I'm going to put in my
will
a million dollars is earmarked
for a private investigator.
It doesn't even matter if it looks like a heart attack.
That's smart.
He or she, you're welcome.
200,000
dollars
for expenses
to launch an investigation
as if
my death were mysterious
even if it's not mysterious.
If it's mysterious, 400,000
but
the remainder of the million
payable upon
conviction of the murderer.
So here's what
and then Cody's like
but that means he would frame me
and I'm like what it means is your job
is to keep me alive.
It also means she'll be
she'll have a vested interest
in trying to make herself
as innocent as possible
and keep tabs in that way
no matter what she's plotting.
It just means when the pizza comes
if I'm a certain amount of drunk
don't make me go down for it.
There's stairs here.
You could end up in jail.
People will assume you murdered me.
Or she'll videotape you while you do that.
I mean she'll just start wearing a GoPro
everywhere.
A body cam, yeah.
She's like well just put
mysterious circumstances. I'm like oh yeah
right so you can like crush up
Adderall and put it in my vodka
and like oh yeah what a non-mysterious heart attack
that would be. Give me a break.
Everyone's just waiting for me
to keel over from a hot dog.
I want that shit
investigated.
Yeah I think that could be really fun.
You could put some more money to like
document the process and like make a movie out of it.
Yeah. Put it on Netflix.
The death of Dan.
I wonder
if you can make do it like percentages.
Like whatever my net worth is
you probably can.
10% shall go to
Private Investigator.
Yeah.
That's a death I could have fun planning.
You know if they
tops you of your body though
that'll like maybe make it look gross.
Is that cool?
Yeah. Okay.
I already look gross.
Yeah. Hey you said it.
The grosser I look
the more people understand that I did well
with my life you know. Like they're like
oh he looks gross why is he
why am I looking at his body? I'm like yeah exactly.
Sucker.
I'm not Marilyn Monroe and you're looking at me
naked dummy.
Looks like I'm talented.
Fuck face. Keep looking.
Taking every inch you fucking jerk.
That's why I don't put a piece of tape
over my laptop camera.
I'm like take it in CIA.
Fucking look at my little dick.
Record every fucking second
of it.
Put it in the Library of Congress.
Make a statue of me
jerking off fucking spies.
Who cares?
Can you imagine?
Like what if I became like a
what kind of like activist do you have
to become like how much of a threat do you have
to be before the NSA
uses secret footage of you jerking off
on your MacBook? Like they just release
like well like how would that work on
anybody you know like like
this modern day MLK
is causing too much trouble he's suggesting
people should withhold their income taxes
until medicine is socialized.
So he jerks off.
Love jerking off.
I'm coming.
You can see the come in this one.
Look at that come.
What a monster he jerks off.
It's not going to work.
It's not going to work on anybody.
That would be a refreshing world.
I hope that leaks.
I hope footage of all of us jerking off leaks.
You could leak it.
You should.
Let's get it started.
I think it's called YouTube.
You could
not only have your camera on your computer
open but put a green screen behind it
so the NSA could really make it fun.
I always kind of I throw
in little things hoping like I can like
trigger something. I'll be like jerking
off. I'm like yeah you like that.
Oh you like it when Al-Qaeda comes
on your tits?
No you don't. That's pretty good.
That'll really do it.
Suspenser
D&D
You've given us brand new stuff here.
You've moved us over from Pathfinder
I see to a D&D based
thing so I'm going through
my exciting new character sheets.
I spent a good portion yesterday
converting all your character sheets
to 5th edition.
Wow.
5th edition fans.
And you put our spells and abilities
on special groovy little cards here.
I made spell cards.
You made these?
I mean I didn't photoshop them
but I glued them onto note cards.
You did. I love this.
You've given little dots for ones that are
always prepared for my spells.
I tried to do you know I
I don't know. It's fun.
It's like an arts and crafts task.
No I'm digging it man.
I could read this all night long.
And let's just read your spells.
Let's start off with
you gave me a list of group
inventory.
I used to just give Steve Levy
that sheet of group inventory.
Let's bring out Steve Levy everybody.
New stuff.
Come in with some energy.
Where's
this show biz
energy that we're used to from you Steve Levy?
Tits and feathers Levy.
We open in three nights.
Levy let's check in with you briefly
because we have a lot of
inventory stuff to talk about here.
Oh yeah. What's going on?
How are you? Things good?
Things are good.
You got a neat little well
shorn haircut going on there.
Thank you.
How's things in the romance world?
Or should I ask?
Things are good.
You got a squeeze now?
Yeah.
You got a partial squeeze?
I got a squeeze.
Partial squeeze.
Levy squeeze.
We have confirmed Levy squeeze.
Houston we have Levy squeeze.
I was about to ask
you tell me.
The answer is obvious
because I won't reward you for it.
I have more pressing matters
to talk to you about.
I'm a cold son of a gun.
Remember when I got drunk in New York
and I sent you a nice text?
I'll never forget that text.
Damn.
It was an amazing text.
What was the text?
The nicest things anyone could ever say.
We have to start D&D
at the beginning of the show
because we're never going to ever...
I like talking with Levy.
I don't care if we ever get to it
but Spencer did all this amazing
paperwork here.
Sounds like he kind of care.
I do care.
Spencer I'm very excited about this.
I do mean the stuff I say when I'm drunk
by the way.
Unless it's racist.
I haven't...
That stuff is just like...
I'm going through all this text to me
validating how much you meant it.
All that stuff about Building 7
is just that vodka talk.
Stuff about you being a good friend
and me wishing the best for you.
That's just the polar ice caps
of...
the world.
I think the best we can do
before the time runs out
is that we just go through
where you've set us with a new D&D
5th edition set up here.
The thing is
in 5th edition your character sheet
has a little spot for
personality traits,
bonds and flaws.
Maybe we should work those out.
I know that'll be exciting for the audience
but it's helpful
and it might help you
get some...
Get some.
D&D is all about getting some.
Personality traits.
Did you guys remember
well obviously Jeff remembers he likes fire.
Do you guys remember your characters at all?
Diarrhea Jr.
Diarrhea, you're into...
We know you love horses for some
strange reasons.
I know my character.
Alright.
Well then it should be easy to pick a personality
trait or two.
How does that help us throughout the gameplay?
Because then you know that's
kind of a part of your character.
I would say lately Chad
has been like he's trying to
kick the bee's nest or something.
That's just kind of who he is.
So if you write that on your character
and then you look at it, be like,
ah that's who I am.
So this box on the right
are the traits?
And I get to pick two of those.
The top right, one or two, yeah.
We could do this later I guess.
Oh, I could write in anything myself?
Yeah, that's the idea is that
we'll kind of reacquaint you guys with your characters
now that they're new in fifth edition.
You can't put like constantly
finding treasure.
That's not...
That's a dream, not a trait.
Tends to hit more
when he attacks.
Yeah, I would fly.
So it would be a good
example of a personality trait
let's say for Chad, the fire liker.
I would say he's itching
for adventure. At least lately.
That's like been a big thing of your life.
We can't be fucking potato farming.
I'm going to call that
wanderlust. Yeah, there you go.
I like it.
It's dumb.
I'm just trying to encourage...
No, you have to. I do have to.
But it could help
or not.
Ideals, what's that about?
Ideals is like what you value
kind of like your virtue,
like what you find important.
Yeah.
I'll have to think about that one.
Oh yeah, well like fire for instance.
Well yeah, we know I like fire,
but is that more like in a
like a spiritual or philosophical thing?
Bonds.
Bonds are better than ideal honestly.
Bond is like what you care
about. What if it was Rob
from you would really get your goat
and make you murder people
or go out and find stuff.
And flaws.
Flaws are personality flaws, yeah.
Yeah.
I'm afraid of the dark.
I have to go back and read.
Or you could just come up with a new one
since you don't know.
I'm going to use the audience because you guys
have a show and you remember more than we do.
Oh that's a good idea, yeah.
So somebody, let's spitball.
What are Chad's ideals?
Virginity.
I don't know about that.
Courage.
I like it.
So my deal would be courage.
Courage doesn't mean I'm courageous,
it just means I wish I were more courageous.
You want to like
brashness almost.
What's my bond?
Yeah, it's burning.
You can't bond with fire.
And
Chad's a flaw.
Yams?
No. Yams.
What's the yams?
You just wanted to say yams.
He is impulsive.
Yeah, and hubristic.
Impulsive. Okay, I like that.
I wanted to say it.
So Levy,
for my personal traits, I thought
spontaneous and easily impressed.
I like that, that's great.
What about your ideals?
Can you give me some examples?
Like upholding the law
or always being kind to people.
Oh, kindness is key.
Kindness is key, write that.
Then bond.
I don't know of course.
I don't know.
Carlos isn't bad.
Yeah, because he's like
these guys are your kind of family.
My father figure.
And flaws then.
Probably you're naive, I'd imagine, right?
So naive. There you go.
Hell yeah.
This is going better than I thought.
It's not going great.
What are your personality traits?
Well, I feel like I'm insecure.
I like that.
I mean, do you think it's a good strategy
and a meta sense to like
to embrace the way you're
tending to play?
Or do you think it's a better idea to go against that
so that you don't like fall back on that
because I tend to be
insecure in my playing.
But maybe if I was playing a character
who I'm like, oh, my character's like
ooh, he's Johnny Bigadona.
I see the ladders a little better.
But it's probably not.
How about one of your traits is
overthinking it?
That could be one.
My characters always like to be
just relaxed and not
rock the boat.
But I'm not
suggesting that. That's just like...
So your ideals, Harmon?
How do you say overthinking it?
Like in personality traits?
Neurotic warrior.
Neurotic.
That seems like a good...
My ideals, I would say
like virtue,
like what...
I want to do it right.
Virtue's good.
I want to leave the world better
than I...
Just justice.
Redemption? Redeemer?
There's a redemptive quality to what you want to do.
You want to kind of redeem what's gone wrong.
I want to be a
good person and I want...
Tradition, charity, power, faith.
I'm just
listing them off. Not like they'd be a good idea.
Other people, redemption,
creativity, friendship, aspiration,
independence, fairness.
Rehabilitation over punishment.
Yep.
Well, okay.
I think they could all fall under
the head, the mast head of
justice, righteousness,
whatever.
Because these are ideals. They're not necessarily reflective of
what I end up doing.
It's what you aspire to, I guess, right?
Yeah, I want to be known as a good guy.
Right, exactly.
When I'm dead.
That's exactly it.
Or I want to...
All right, bonds.
Okay.
I'm going to change mine
from courage to purify.
Sure.
Like fire.
Yeah, exactly.
You...
It could also be a motivation.
Someone stole my precious instrument,
and someday I'll get it back.
That's a bard.
Kato Farms.
Yeah, you're a potato farmer.
I owe my guild a great debt for forging me into the person I am today.
Well, what about control?
Is that cheating?
Control over what?
Control.
What have I been doing?
What's the potato farm really about?
I love a potatoes.
It's about me wanting...
My narrative, you know?
I don't want other people to be in charge of...
But that's too esoteric.
It should be something more like, my spurs.
My boots.
My pet cobra.
Part of it's supposed to be like a hook for your motivation.
So control could be something,
but I think it also kind of
can tend away from things, too.
That's English.
I'm striking out today, huh?
Yeah.
Well, I'll put control freak under
flaws.
Yeah, that's good.
Which doesn't mean controlling others necessarily.
It's just like...
very cautious
to surrender control.
Yeah.
But like a bond is like,
everything I do is for the common folk,
or I will do everything
to protect this house
or something, you know?
Yeah, well, it could be...
Yeah, maybe something to do with the church.
Right, you want to maybe
right the wrongs of the church,
or you never want to reflect the corruption
that you've seen in the church or something.
Maybe my actual relationship with the silver flame,
because even though I have a bunch of problems
with the way the church is run,
but if anyone would ever tell me,
you're a bad Catholic, plain and simple,
it would drive me nuts.
Like, my bond with my god,
you know, super important,
doesn't necessarily mean that if I get in a fight
with the pope, I'm going to be anything more
than conflicted. Right.
But when it really comes down to it,
like, I really buy into the silver flame
Michigan. Is there a personal
relationship with the silver flame? Because it's been so long, Dan,
is there a part of your character that it wants
to be kind of reinstated in some way,
or are you so outcast and so...
I think I want to be purified.
The church of the silver flame is... I'm into purification?
Yeah, me too.
I think that there's stains
on me that I don't think can be
scrub clean, except by
extreme
deeds of
righteousness
and something that would block
out all the memories
of me just being a flawed,
fallible,
terrible, complicated, clumsy person.
Yeah, well, that's going to be a bond.
It's a need to fix
the sins of the past or something.
Yeah, I said before, redemption.
Reputation or...
Redemption.
It could be a sentence or anything,
too, just gets the concept across.
Redemption.
It could even be redemption.
I wrote it down.
I'm just not going to remember it.
When I look at that, it says, bonds, redemption.
I'm not going to be like, oh, yeah.
Yeah, that's the thing. A lot of these, they recommend
bonds that kind of have some flair
that are kind of like a taggable asset.
My bond says flair. I know I like
flair, but my bond has to be something
more like what I'm bound to, right?
I mean, it's just what's important
to you, what drives you.
You could be adventuring because
your little sister is poor, and so you send
all your treasure back home to make sure
your family stays alive. That could be a bond.
I put redemption, parentheses, the idea
that it's possible.
Yeah, I think that's great.
That's why all of our actions
are so important.
Why are you looking at me?
Because you can't just love a horse so much
that you join a cult.
That's the shit that makes me start
a potato farm. I'm like, what are we
fucking doing? We spent the last
six chapters doing nonsense.
I just want to start fresh
on a potato farm because I'm a control
freak that really believes that we could
accomplish something if we tried to.
I don't want to tell you guys.
Spencer, do you have all my old stuff?
Yeah.
Give me that after the show
and I'll go back
before the next show, and I want to go back
and reread everything that I had.
Yeah, well, a lot of that's no longer relevant.
Right, but there's some character stuff
that I think... Okay, yeah, no problem.
Like your notes and stuff. Yeah, yeah, I got all that.
Great. Spencer, whatever happened
to Patchen's gem? That's a great question.
I want to say
Patchen's was kidnapped
by someone at the town
and then...
I really can't remember, and if anyone...
I was going to ask if anyone could remember,
but I feel like they'll fuck it up.
Are we kind of just like scrubbing the slate here
like a race on the board
just starting? It's like a reboot.
Yeah, it is like a reboot. It's like, you know...
It's like...
We put blue contacts
in Jessica Alba's
eyes.
I think it's more like Universal had the rights
to... The whole can now Disney
has the right to... Yeah, it's like...
Oh, yeah, we're switching from
shitty Spider-Man's
to the ones where he's just Iron Man Junior.
Right.
I think Patchen's gem got stolen.
It went to the town. You guys went to the town to find it.
I don't think you found it
unless... Did he... Did they find it?
They did find it.
They found Patchen's gem, but then they didn't
find Patchen's.
Patchen's disappeared. Okay, great.
What happened? I feel like Patchen's run off.
That really fucked with me.
Patchen's was like, I don't need...
I don't want you guys to help me.
That's why he went to the town, and you followed him
to the town anyway, and then he
mysteriously disappeared.
But going forward, is there any
hangover from our previous quest
that we still feel is unfinished business?
Are we driving forward into new...
We'll find out. Yeah, I mean,
the ghosts of your past
might come back, but I don't
think you care about it too much, because
it's been... You've spent a lot of time
committing to farming. Okay, we fucking...
We suck. We're terrible at this.
Think about it like the fifth Tomb Raider
movie.
There is one. It's not called Tomb Raider 5.
They don't want you to watch the first four.
Is there going to be some shit in the first four?
Maybe if you're a huge Tomb Raider
movie fan, you're like, oh...
We're not answering any questions from the previous
Tomb Raider. We're just writing another
tomb. More or less. Okay.
There were some big unanswered questions, though.
One of the first villains
we fought was going to be
probably a big bad...
They destroyed the church basement.
I forgot about that. They were eating cows and stuff like that.
Then there was a Ho-Oh kind of
flying in the air.
Big evil demon. Yeah.
Man, that was great, huh?
There was a lot of setup happening.
We spent our whole time just beating up a family
that had
nothing to do with anything. It was cool, though.
I like it. Yeah.
Anyway, sorry about all that.
No, no, it's good. Hopefully.
We start afresh. It's going to be
some serious D&D. We have new character sheets.
I'm very excited about that. I like that on my extra
notes. It just says, eat my ass
exclamation point. Yeah, you... I didn't write
that. You wrote that. I guess I did.
I don't know why. Okay, so let's talk about
group inventory, Spencer. Group inventory.
So one of the things I
figured out was that... Well, I used to give
Steve the group inventory sheet because
I thought he was the most responsible, but then I was
like, well, no, everyone should have the group
inventory sheet, and then they'll know what they
all have on them. So it's like your collected wealth.
And then the idea was you
wanted to become farmers. So if you ever wanted
to sell your stuff to buy farm
equipment, it would be helpful
to know all
the stuff that you could sell and all the wealth you had
because it's not on your character sheet.
So where is that on this? I don't see farmer
equipment. You don't have any. Okay.
We're grass roots.
I mean, you might have a couple shovels and stuff,
but you haven't really bought a lot of farm equipment.
I think you just bought some potato seeds.
So under group's own gear, you have a little
bracket here. We have a
bow.
Yeah, that's your own stuff. That's like stuff
if you wanted... If you, for instance, wanted to
commit to farming so hard, you sold all your
weapons and armor. That stuff's on your group
inventory sheet, and it has like monetary
value. Like you could sell your bow for too gold.
I dig it. Okay. What are the relics? Are these
important anymore? They're just items
you have. I mean, I don't...
The relics are relics. You never discovered
what they were. They were just something you picked
up and forgot about because it was on Steve's
group inventory. We have a hundred pounds
of beef jerky. Yeah, it was in a bag of...
Does that expire? No, it's beef jerky.
No, it's dried for a reason. I don't know.
I've had some gross
old beef jerky. I've had some moldy beef
jerky. Oh, don't bring it up.
It's a sensitive, sensitive
spot for this audience.
There's beef...
Good times. Beef fungus.
Oh man, remember that. Yeah.
Classic. If he's listening, he's going to blow his brains
out. That could be
funny. No, that
would not be funny.
Hello, William. We love you. Yeah, yeah.
Bag of
holding. Yeah, bag of...
You stole it from that guy who is the mayor
of Fightsville. One poison
pill. Yep, you stole that off of
Assassin. That was the Assassin
who took Patchen's gem. He didn't
take it. A different one did. Black
Dragon shards. That was also on the Assassin.
You didn't know what that did. Right.
But you could find out.
Two Masterwork daggers.
Those are more expensive than regular daggers.
Those are also owned by the Assassins. Okay.
So these are all like company
stuff we all have together.
Yeah, it's treasure you found, but didn't decide
to split up amongst yourself. And physically
how are we toting all this about with our 100
pounds of beef jerky? It's in your closet, in your
farm. Okay. So we have a home base.
Oh, but the beef jerky is in a magical bag
of holding. It doesn't... You don't have to...
Oh, could this all be in the bag of holding? Sure,
yeah. All right. So we have all
this. So we have
18 gold pieces, including something else.
This is the real D&D, man.
Not all this fucking like
these and vows. Yeah. It's just pretty
what's in my bag. It's just
just inventory, man. Yeah. We have
Masterwork leather armor. I like that.
We've got... Also off the Assassin. We've got more
gold pieces. We've got a bag of holding. We've got
beef jerky. We've got... What's
SP? SP's silver pieces. They're like
dimes. Gotcha.
And two more religious relics.
Right. Okay. And then what
do those look like? Describe the religious
relics. They're statues of
gods, like of
Pelor. Icons, yeah. Yeah.
Okay. All right.
I guess not Pelor. Whatever. It's Pelor.
Okay. Well,
I picked my spell load
out. Haha.
Spell cards.
I love this card system. I think it's good.
Read what you picked.
So we get...
How many are we have every day?
Six? Six right now until you level up.
Yeah. Okay. So we have six and then we get to pick
how many more? Well, you get
your can trips and your bonus
spells from your circle and your domain.
All right. This is all esoteric.
I'm into
this kind of paperwork shit. I love this. I know
you guys are. The cards are helpful to me.
I really was hoping
they'd be helpful. All right. So Dan, read
what you picked. So let's
let everybody know what...
Well, the spells I have automatically...
Our light
guidance.
It's guidance. You touch one willing
creature once before the spell ends.
The target can roll a d4 and add
the number roll to one ability check of its
choice. A bonus is an action.
A little buffy thing.
Sacred Flame.
That's like an attack.
Burning Hands.
That's classic. We know that one.
Players Handbook.
Fairy Fire.
The...
What's Fairy Fire?
It puts magical lights
around someone who's invisible or dimly
lit and it makes them easier to hit.
Scorching Ray.
Blast some fire
missiles. That's going to see some mileage.
So
then those are all the ones that I have
regardless.
And then I chose
as my level one spells
of which I get four.
Creator Destroy Water. Detect Magic.
Inflict Wounds.
And Cure Wounds.
And as my level two spells
of which I get two, I chose Zone of Truth.
You create a magical zone
that guards against deception and a 15 foot radius.
Blah, blah, blah.
It's like an old person.
It's like a paralysis thing.
Yeah, it paralyzes a dude.
Booyah.
Cody's doctor's name.
She thought her doctor's name.
She had a physical.
She's got a clean mammogram today.
I think we celebrate that.
Goddamn.
They got to get their boobies mushed.
By a cold thing.
I can't believe how painful that looks.
Like, they don't do that
to your
dick balls.
Or them.
That is insane.
But anyways, she's all clear.
And
she thought her doctor's name was
Bunani.
But it's like
Bunini or something.
You were thinking of Bunani.
Anyways, alright.
She's been calling her doctor
for a while.
In Iceland, the mammogram machines are warmed.
So they're not ice cold.
I think it still mashes your tits.
It does.
That's got to be the worst part.
Yeah.
Alright.
Those precious boobies.
Number one killer of women, Jeff.
Boobs?
I had drinks with Heather Anne Campbell
who just survived.
Yeah.
If you don't know who Heather Anne Campbell is,
she's one of our favorite comedians.
She should come on the show.
We were on
At Midnight, Chris Hardwick's show with her.
She's an improv friend
of Jeff's.
She's a spectacular person.
It was great having drinks with her.
She's writing on that Twilight Zone
Jordan Piedle.
Twilight Zone show now.
We just wrapped.
I wanted her on Rick and Morty
but Twilight Zone just got
their hook center.
But we talked about video games
and
her survival of this
fucking thing that also our other
friend Angela Trimber,
which I didn't even know until I talked to Heather,
I was like, oh shit, I didn't follow Angela
on Instagram.
And then I saw Angela
at a party
two nights ago.
And I was like,
it's crazy how little time
it takes between diagnosis
and
you're either fucked or it's over.
It's like
depending on the process and stuff,
it's like for Heather, it was like
she
got this
result that was like, you're in the
crosshairs of God and then it was like
a month and a half later, you're like,
you're done with this.
It's just like how quickly
that happens.
It's like a bus just coming out of nowhere
and it either kills you or it just
wings you.
All right, anyways.
Well, let's give it up for Heather
for making it through that.
She's a fucking hero.
I was only on one at
midnight and it was with you and Heather
and I had more fun doing that than any other
half hour taping of my life because
we left our asses off the entire
time. We did two of them. I did one.
That sounds right.
We did two. It was you, me, and Brandon.
It was the other one, right?
I only did one with you and Heather.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Wow.
I mean, how do we
continue after that?
We don't.
Pack it in.
What time is it? It's 10.
Okay.
Do a wrap.
All right.
Zach, you got a beat?
Let's give it up for Zac McKeever up there
who has always the grooviest.
The audio guy.
Thank you, Zach.
Yo.
The song's about eating your pussy.
I guess it's not.
It didn't go over well.
The song's about
eating pussy.
But not yours.
Someone else's.
Yo.
I ate someone else's pussy the other day.
I ate it in the most unusual way.
I ate it like it was
corn on the cob.
I'm a pussy eating Cajun
and snob.
I like my spices and my pussy.
I like to...
Nothing rhymes with pussy.
I elected
going to boat and on the bayou.
Yo.
I grew up on the bayou.
I want to defy you
by taking you out
and
I'm going to shout in public
in a restaurant
that you already like, but then you won't be
allowed there anymore
because you came with a guy that started shouting.
My name is
F.C. Stugatz.
Stugatz.
Wait.
What's your name?
My name is F.C. Stugatz.
It's a real guy.
It is? Yeah.
I think it's a Miami sports commentator.
I'll come up with a different one.
There's also the name of the boat.
My name is M.C. John Smith.
I'm here with
M.C. John Johnson.
Hello.
How are you today?
Oh, I'm feeling the usual way.
Yo, John Johnson.
Yes, John Smith.
What do you want to do with your width?
I want to lose some of it.
Oh, are you feeling insecure about it?
Yes.
I'd like to reduce my carbs.
Oh, shit.
Let's go on the yard.
By the way, we live in prison.
Yo.
I'm going to lift these weights.
Hey, I'm going to eat these grapes.
Hey, you get grapes in prison?
Yeah.
Who do you know?
I know Joe.
I know Joe Schwartz.
Come over here.
Hi, my name is Joe Schwartz.
Joe Schwartz.
This is John Johnson.
Hello, I'm John Johnson.
And you know me.
I'm John Smith.
Of course I know you.
I'm Joe Schwartz.
Hey, let's walk around the yard.
This is our prison yard.
Strut, strut, eating some grapes.
Hey, get your hands off my grapes.
Thank you all for coming.
All right, yeah.
I mean, it's not a good show.
No, it's a terrible show.
I think twice about coming next time.
Yeah, I think twice.
Let's give it up for Steve Levy, everybody.
Zach, thank you for the music.
Let's give it up for Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis, your Comptroller.
Mayor, as always.
Jen Harmon.
Thank you all. Drive fast.
Take chances.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.